good afternoon gentlemen neurotics today
us interesting topic
Trichotillomania is such a very rare
the disease was first discovered
alla dermatologist in 1889 and this
the disease is observed when
neurotic states of schizophrenia and
organic head diseases
brain main diagnostic criterion
this disorder is
inability to resist
pulling hair
patient tension increases
emotionally the patient pulls out the hair and
is experiencing after that
such a kind of relief it can
compare with the smoker took a cigarette
calm down on bills usually patients
this is not realized he does not remember how he
This did very often center will say here
watched a movie there about watching i pulled out
yes yes there I look the whole more often
just some kind of localization is hair
cover on the head
also the patient pulls out the eyelashes and
eyebrows and abdomen give in all available
places they pulled out their hair so
but let's start with epidemiology
distribution most often begins
it is in des childhood as said
method of protest for example
second child was born and even older
the child can't bear this one
competition starts itself there
pull hairs
further more common when it comes to
adults are already older then meet more often
general, they are women to them than men
did time 2 min and more often then in patients
with schizophrenia, too, am watching this
the trend
patient with limited disorders
personalities given if you talk about
reasons for this disorder, come on
theology then it is due of course
too many factors such as
traumatic circumstances of course
yes yes then there is some situation
launched this disorder later
also drug use
may cause this device
depression can also
provoke trichotillomania well further
that and some authors describe them
whole and not as some way
self-stimulation before such a teaching is still
pleasure is what happens patient
tell me I hold the hair
then I bite the onion and I get from it
3 phages and yes it is already as a concomitant
skip and break 3 foger
taste this hair onion
and get on some orgasmic
scania on average state
orgasm and become good after
so we let's talk about clinical
especially before clinical feature
further patients with trichotillomania they still
so people are so depressed
aggression and they have depressed
aggression let's say not like others
patients she has them already somewhere
outside it's here that's felt
right here and they gnaw very often
nails besides pulling out
hair
they are still combing themselves otkolupyvat
skin in some way there on
head eat
in the literal sense of the word goes such
self-eating eating itself
flagellation of self-torture up such a way
cope with aggression so as not to inflict
let her mother let her father
to his loved one the patient begins
destroy yourself that account yourself here here
This anger laptop they can already here
Here is such a way to deal with it.
a way to keep such unnecessary ones
emotions and patients tell you
let's say very often this is followed
man cannot bear about justify
some expectations are placed on him
very large demands . you must
graduate from medical school there
sodium
son you have to finish school with golden
medal and so on and so forth there
similarly the patient does not stand up
so high and self-imposed and
gives just such as about the close such
reaction tricytillomania will not give
starts to pose for chips and
telling here I sit down to do my homework
and
and so he runs his hair lesson and so here
quietly slowly then why out
it means no hair yes there is part of some
povdergivat than the patient is very
carefully hide it they mean it
trying to somehow disguise means
if she is in dialogue as a rule they
find such your favorite hearth where
she pulls these hairs out there somewhere
or on the side or here is nano somewhere on the back of your head
and then she in order to hide this little song
no such ladder is formed at night
trying to somehow these hairs
covered left right here is this ladder
its all this disguise so well and
Kids I already told this as protest
to such that here I am like this
about 3 phages I also told that they were biting
this one here means this very tip
onion hair gnaw and get so here
exactly
enjoyment so much but the prognosis is how to
how for patients and
it means if everyone is well treated then
they fall into mission time
may for long long term on
perennial even forget altogether what
this is what was in their lives such and not
God forbid what is stressful again
situation is a traumatic situation at 5
launches him this aggravation and
our patients are starting this one again
infinite self for it infinite
so jerking yourself so well let's
gradually complete all this treatment
single treatment of course
does not exist if talking about
psychopharmacotherapy it at INSTE
Santa and no videos first but all
same and leading treatment
trichotillomania is psychotherapy
it means of course well yourself
recommended cognitive behavioral
psychotherapy
then but here's the easiest way always
there was such a public patient to voice
then no hair no problem yes but on
In fact, this problem does not solve also
a piece of tattva pour in which shook
likes to pull out there so much
Nakano A.Kanokov paste glue
nakladochka then very well
hypnotherapy body-oriented
therapy means integrative up
method of such approaches set
various psychotherapeutic
directions also works very well and
gestalt therapy means different or
of course we can technicians
there is also family psychotherapy
group psychotherapy is great for
the patient began to look for ways
expressing your anger was outlined
diplomatically enter and exit
conflicts somehow cope with and by
mainly and teach the patient
deal with these unnecessary mohammed
to come a new way of complacency
how can u calm another yoga
let's say some breathing up methods
relaxation breathing some
exercise so on and so forth and so on
similar so but what again to i still you
didn't say t t t t t t t this is me
said
it's me all this way you
I told everything for today
Here is such a topic, I tried her two
words you light up because little
very information 3 generally they are therefore
patients who are interested to know a little
I ask more questions with
I will be happy to answer further Well
and all for today all the best
dating